Updated authentication doc to match latest API (#33)
inrupt/docs-client-lib-js: source/tutorial/authenticate.rst

example, to :ref:`write <write-data>` to a resource, the user must have
:term:`Write Access` on the Resource.

To authenticate in a browser environment, you can use the ``solid-client-authn-browser``
library. Authentication in Solid is based on OIDC, which means that in order to
be authenticated, the user must:

#. Be redirected away from your app to an Identity Provider (e.g. their Google
   account),

#. Log in the Identity Provider

#. Be redirected back to your app.

> The login is only complete after the last step, which means your app must be 
> reloaded between the moment when you initiate the login, and the moment you 
> complete it. It's important to keep this in mind to understand the way 
> ``solid-client-authn-browser`` works.

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
.. important::
   With ``solid-client-authn-browser``, the login is only complete after the last step; i.e., your application must be reloaded between the start of the login and its completion. 
```
